The primary reason of starting this blog was simple; I was feeling way too nostalgic, about everything. One reason is that I met wonderful people in college, but the real reason is that I have a system fault setting in me that I somehow happen to remember every small detail of my life, everything. Nearly everything. So I thought, let’s just put it out for everybody to read and enjoy.

Initial idea was to start the blog semesterly, which is going to be the norm btw, but the month of December 2022 deserves a script of its own. 22 batch peeps would know why. First month of college. First ‘real’ winter. Everybody either got sick or taken (lol).

I’m just gonna set some ground rules for myself, to follow the blueprint; I’ll not always introduce everybody every time. The flow won’t be date-formatted, meaning there’s no temporal relation between two events. I’m also gonna skip a lot of personal information about people, as they might not be comfortable it being out there in public. Also these are gonna be really long ones. Because I really remember a lot. But yes, I’m gonna trash and embarrass a lot of people, especially who were really close to me, a downside you may consider. The blog will revolve mostly around people from 22 batch, and events with their lives, occasionally dipping into 21 batch.  
The time pacing will be mostly three years, meaning, I will publish events of December 2022, only on or after December 2025, to keep the essence of nostalgia alive, also note that not all this is written in one go. I am writing this in Jan 2026 because I found time today. But yes, the actual-event-to-publish date will have at least a three year gap. It will also include a lot of my current life events and not just past. I wanna keep shit narrative. And nothing will be AI generated, consider this my word. I am writing all this on the text editor that comes with Ubuntu 24. It’s all raw and filterless, just like I am.

Okay, let’s go.

It’s Jan 15, 2026, am sitting on my desk, in my PG, somewhere in Bangalore, Arpan is listening to music, with VS Code open.

3rd December 2022, I step foot into the campus, I had come to Bhopal the night before, and it wasn’t cold then (surprisingly). All the online friends gang had already come on campus. I remember meeting some 21 batch peeps, on the main gate, who sent me to hostel, to get my hostel registration done. I met Rudra Prasad Tarai first, and Prayas Pattnaik second, both Odia friends. Sid Raman was in the lift btw, dressed all black, literally, and very nervous for some reason. I got my roomie’s number from the register, and I called him up, and simply said — “bhai main tera roommate bol raha hu,” to which he replied “ha bhai mess aa ja.” Beginning of one of the best friendships that I would cherish for later on. Amazing guy, Dev Rajput (real name being Divyanshu). This done. I picked up an e-rickshaw (toto) and went to L5, alone. Raman was with me in the auto, Siddhant Patra as well and a bunch of other guys. Come time for paying the auto, everybody got confused, I just had a 20 rs note, which I handed the guy. Raman will kill me for writing this but bro wasn’t able to calculate the fare that time. Really. Upon entering L5, I was told by Rohan Mehra, to set all my documents in the order of the list handed to us. The one who verified that I did it correctly was Suhanee Korpe. I know, too much detail and I’m pretty sure both of them don’t remember this. A lot of you guys are gonna feel this, that you don’t remember any of this, but I do. Starkly.

Upon the L5 formalities, I walked back to hostel with my parents. After which they left.  
Post this, I met Mhatre (Prajval) first, in his room. Gupta (Aryan) lived next door, along with Logani (Aryaman). Adheesh was next, oh god, Adheesh, the first line he said once he met me IRL was — “bhai maine pura campus ghoom liya cycle pe,” to which Mhatre replied — “kyu.” Autists. Later on, me, Adheesh, Mhatre, APS (Aditya Pratap Singh), hung out at the brain space area (now H4), cycles were being sold. I bought one. Oh yes, and that’s where I met Aryan Mishra, 21 batch. First lines were about us having the same phones. He was at the Decathlon booth. I paid the Google Form from his phone since I had to submit the GPay screenshot which was paid from my phone. Also met Utkarsh Prakash there, he got me the curtains of my room, for 358 rs, were kept in brain space right side last room. This was about the first day. Next up, I met Shagun, Dhawal, Logani, Pandey, and everybody else on 6th (which was a Sunday), also Ishwari, Anoushka, Harshida and a lot others, I remember the first times I met ’em all. Ah, that’s it, this was all about the first day and why I started this. Next one will be about the next week — the first week. Do let me know if the writing style is fine or not, or if you guys would like something else, people mentioned can ping me to exclude/include any specific details they’d want me to. Cool then, let’s wait for the next one.

Cheers,  
Patel.
